TERMS OF SERVICE
Last revised: 24-05-2024
Hello and welcome! We are glad that you are taking the time to read these
terms of service (the “Terms”).
These Terms are important as they, together with your booking confirmation
email (the “Booking Confirmation”), set out the legal terms on which Travel
Services are made available to you through our Service. They also cover any
interactions or communications you have with us through our Service.
Your use of our Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms. To
book a Travel Service, you must also accept these Terms. If you do not accept
these Terms, then please do not use our Service or book a Travel Service.
We may change these Terms at any time and your future use of our Service
following changes to these Terms is subject to you accepting those updated
Terms. We recommend that you save or print a copy of these Terms.
In these Terms:
“we", “us” or “our” refer to Expedia, Inc., a Washington corporation, whose
head office is located at 1111 Expedia Group Way W, Seattle, WA 98119, USA,,
which provides our Service
“our Group of Companies” refers to us, and our subsidiaries and corporate
affiliates
“our Partners” refers to any affiliated, co-branded or linked website through
which our Group of Companies provides content or service
“our Service” refers to the provision of our websites, apps and online tools
“Travel Provider” refers to the travel supplier making available the Travel
Services to you through our Service
“Travel Services” refers to the travel services made available to you by the
relevant Travel Provider(s) through our Service, such as stays at a property.
“you” refers to you, the traveller, using our Service or making a booking with
our Service.
Please read these Terms carefully.
Section 1 Rules and Restrictions
As well as these Terms, other terms and conditions provided by Travel
Providers (such as a property’s terms and conditions) also apply to your
booking (“Rules and Restrictions”).
To make a booking, you must accept the Rules and Restrictions of the Travel
Provider that you select (such as payment of due amounts, refundability,
penalties, availability restrictions and use of fares or services, etc.). The
relevant Rules and Restrictions are provided to you before you make a booking
and are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
If you violate a Travel Provider's Rules and Restrictions, your booking may be
cancelled and you may be denied access to the relevant Travel Service. You
may also lose any money paid for such booking and we or the Travel Provider
may debit your account for any costs we or they incur as a result of such
violation.
Section 2 Using our Service
Our rules
We provide our Service to help you find information about Travel Services and
to assist you in booking those Travel Services. It is provided to you for no other
purpose.
You agree that:
you will only use our Service for personal and non-commercial
purposes
you must be at least 18 years of age and have the legal authority to
enter into contracts
you will use our Service lawfully and in compliance with these Terms
all information supplied by you is true, accurate, current and complete
if you have an account with us, you will:
safeguard your account information
be responsible for any use of your account by you or others
if you book on behalf of others:
you will obtain their authorisation prior to acting on their behalf
you will inform them about the terms that apply to the booking
(including the Rules and Restrictions) and ensure that they agree to
such terms
you are responsible for paying any amounts due, for making any
change/cancellation requests and for all other matters relating to the
booking
you are responsible for complying with applicable laws when acting on
their behalf.
You also agree not to:
make any false or fraudulent booking
access, monitor or copy any content on our Service using any robot,
spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on our Service or
bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit
access to our Service
take any action that imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or large
load on our infrastructure
deep link to any part of our Service
“frame”, “mirror” or otherwise incorporate any part of our Service into
any other website.
Access
We may, acting reasonably, deny anyone access to our Service at any time for
any valid reason. We may also make improvements and changes to our Service
at any time.
Account
To create an account, you must be at least 18 years of age and follow the
account creation instructions provided through our Service.
The account you create on our Service also allows you to access other sites,
apps, tools and services offered by members of our Group of Companies
(including Expedia and vrbo) using the same account credentials, in addition to
our Service (an “Expedia Group Account"). Please note that when using your
Expedia Group Account, the relevant terms of service displayed on the sites,
apps, tools and services that you are using will govern your use of them.
For information on how to delete your account, sign into your account on our
Service and follow the applicable account deletion process. For further
information about your privacy rights (such as deletion or access), please see
our Privacy Statement.
How we order your search results
There are many travel options available through our Service and we want to
make your search results as relevant as possible. At the search results page
you will see our default sort order, however you can select how to sort your
results and also use filter options to prioritise results based on your chosen
preferences, for example price, guest review score, or other criteria. You can
learn more on how we order search results here.
Within your search results we also sometimes display travel options that are
paid-for commercial listings from our Travel Providers. Such travel options are
clearly labelled for your information as “Ad” or similar equivalent labelling, to
differentiate them from other travel options.
Redirection and third-party booking services
If you are redirected from our Service to a third-party booking service (such as
for car rental) to make a travel booking, please bear in mind that any bookings
made through such a booking service will be with the third-party and not with
us. We are not responsible for bookings made through third-party booking
services and we have no liability to you in respect of such a booking. The terms
and conditions of the third-party service provider will set out what rights you
have against them and will explain their liability to you.
Section 3 Confirming a booking
Your Booking Confirmation includes the essential elements of your booking,
such as the description of the Travel Service(s) booked and the price.
We will send your Booking Confirmation and any relevant travel documents to
the email address you provide when you book. If you do not receive your
Booking Confirmation within 24 hours of making your booking, please contact
us.
Section 4 Payment
Price
The price of the Travel Service(s) will be as displayed on our Service, except in
cases of obvious error.
Prices for Travel Services are dynamic and can change at any time. Price
changes will not affect bookings already accepted, except in cases of obvious
error. We display many Travel Services, and we try hard to ensure that the
displayed price is accurate. We reserve the right to correct any pricing errors
on our Service.
If there is an obvious error and you have made a booking, we will offer you the
opportunity to keep your booking by paying the correct price or we will cancel
your booking without penalty. We have no obligation to make available Travel
Services to you at an incorrect (lower) price even after you have been sent a
Booking Confirmation, if the error should reasonably have been apparent to
you.
Taxes
The prices displayed through our Service may include taxes or tax recovery
charges. Such taxes or tax recovery charges may include amounts associated
with value-added tax, goods and services tax, sales tax, occupancy tax and
other taxes of a similar nature.
Taxes or tax recovery charges are generally calculated or estimated on the
prices displayed through our Service before any discounts (including those
funded by us), coupons and loyalty rewards that may be applicable to your
booking, unless those discounts, coupons and loyalty rewards are considered
as a reduction in price for the purposes of calculating or estimating taxes in the
relevant jurisdiction for the booking.
You acknowledge that except as provided below with respect to tax obligations
on the amounts received from you, including facilitation fees and service fees
where applicable in accordance with Section 6 (Stays) below, our Group of
Companies does not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing
authorities. The tax recovery charges on Pay Now bookings are a recovery of
the estimated taxes that our Group of Companies pay to the Travel Provider for
taxes due on the services provided by the Travel Provider (such as for the
rental rate for the room). The Travel Providers are responsible for remitting
applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. Taxability and the
appropriate tax rate vary greatly by jurisdiction. The actual amounts paid by
our Group of Companies to the Travel Providers may vary from the tax recovery
charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the time
of the actual use of the services provided by the Travel Provider.
Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on the amounts that
our Group of Companies charge for services they provide (service fee and/or
facilitation fee) in certain jurisdictions. The actual amount imposed on services
provided by our Group of Companies may vary depending on the rates in effect
at the time the services are provided by the Travel Provider. In certain
jurisdictions, our Group of Companies are responsible for collecting and
remitting sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes for the entire price,
including the amounts we charge for our services as well as the Travel Services
provided by the Travel Provider.
In certain jurisdictions, you may be responsible for paying local taxes imposed
by local tax authorities (such as city taxes or tourist taxes, etc.). Our Group of
Companies or the Travel Provider may charge you such local taxes. Our Group
of Companies will notify you of any local taxes that will be payable by you
before you complete your booking, where such taxes have been notified to our
Group of Companies by the Travel Provider.
The amount of local taxes can change between the booking date and stay
date. If taxes have changed by your stay date, you may be liable to pay taxes
at the higher rate. Such imposition of taxes or levies may be without prior
notice and will always be as per applicable law (including the timing of its
applicability). If this occurs, by accepting these Terms, you agree to pay such
taxes.
You shall be completely responsible for all charges, fees, duties, taxes, and
assessments arising out of the use of our Service, as per the applicable laws.
International payments from India
The Reserve Bank of India’s Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS) limits the
amount of money that Indian residents can remit overseas during a financial
year (April 1 through March 31). As of the “Last revised” date at the top of
these Terms, the limit is $250,000 USD. This limit applies to amounts
purchased and remitted through all sources in India, including international
bookings made using our Services. Certain transactions are not subject to the
LRS limits, such as overseas remittances borne by an entity deputing its
employees for business travel.
Under Section 206C(1G)(a) of the Income-tax Act, 1961, tax collected at source
is owed on payments subject to LRS in excess of permissible limits during the
financial year. As of the “Last revised” date at the top of these Terms, the limit
is INR 700,000. For clarity, we are not a seller of overseas tour programme
packages as contemplated under Section 206C(1G)(b) of the Income-tax Act,
1961.
By using our Services and agreeing to these Terms, you undertake to comply
with these laws and all other applicable regulations, circulars, notifications,
orders, and directions issued by the Central Government, any State
Government or any other statutory body empowered to do so with respect to
foreign purchases and remittances and/or the use of our Services.
If you are an Indian resident booking and paying for a stay using the Pay Now
payment option, you will be required to provide a valid permanent account
number (a “PAN”) (and any other identification documents or information that
may become required under applicable law) at the time of booking. You
understand and agree that we, at the time of booking or at a later stage, will
validate the PAN provided by you in compliance with the relevant provisions of
the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules made thereunder. You agree that in
case the PAN you have provided is found to be invalid, we (or the Travel
Provider) will be entitled to cancel your booking. You further agree that if the
PAN you provided is found to be invalid or if it does not belong to you, we shall
not be liable for any penalties imposed or proceedings instituted by the
relevant authorities under applicable law.
For any booking in which a PAN is provided:
the PAN provided must be the purchaser’s PAN
if the PAN provided belongs to an individual Indian resident, by making
the booking you confirm that the total amount of foreign exchange
purchased or remitted during the current financial year (April 1 through
March 31) for the PAN provided are in compliance with LRS and falls
within the permissible limits prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India,
the Ministry of Finance and/or any other governmental body, inclusive of
such booking
if the PAN provided belongs to any person or entity other than an
individual Indian resident, by making the booking you confirm that you
are authorized to use such PAN, the PAN belongs to such person or
entity, and the PAN is being used for business travel as permitted under
LRS.
If you cannot confirm this information when completing the booking, you may
want to choose our Pay Later option, if available. Please note that if you are an
Indian resident, any booking in which you choose our Pay Later option may be
subject to the above described laws and other applicable regulations, circulars,
notifications, orders, and directions related to foreign purchases and
remittances and/or the use of our Services.
Payment processing
When payment is taken at the time of your booking and paid for in the local
currency of our Service (as relevant), the company taking that payment (via
third-party payment processors) and charging your payment method will be
the company set out next to the relevant location of our Service in the table
below.
Location
Our
company
taking
your
payment
Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bulgaria, China, Denmark, Egypt, Finland,
France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy,
Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Morocco, Netherlands, Norway,
Oman, Qatar, Philippines, Portugal, Romania, Saudi Arabia, South
Africa, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab
Emirates, Vietnam
Travel
Partner
Exchange
S.L.
Australia
Travelscape,
LLC. a
company
registered
in Australia
Brazil
Expedia do
Brasil
Agência de
Viagens e
Turismo
Ltda.
Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Panama,
Peru, Venezuela
Travelscape,
LLC.
Canada
TPX Travel
Canada ULC
Hong Kong
Travel
Partner
Exchange
Hong Kong
Limited
India
Hotels.com
India Private
Limited
Japan
Travel
Partner
Exchange
Japan KK
Mexico
Expedia
Mexico, S
de R. L. de
C.V.
New Zealand
Travel
Partner
Exchange
New
Zealand
Ltd.
Singapore
Travel
Partner
Exchange
Singapore
Pte. Ltd.
South Korea
Travel
Partner
Exchange
Korea Co.,
Ltd.
Switzerland
Travel
Partner
Exchange
Switzerland
Limited
United Kingdom
Travel
Partner
Exchange
UK Limited
United States
Travelscape,
LLC.
Notwithstanding the governing law and jurisdiction paragraph in Section 15
(General) of these Terms, where one of our companies (as set out in the table
above) takes your payment (via third-party payment processors) and charges
your payment method, the law governing that payment transaction will be the
laws of the location of such company.
Our Privacy Statement provides information on how we use your payment and
account information when you elect for us to store a credit or debit card or
other payment method for future use.
Payment verification
You authorise the relevant company (as set out in the table above) or the
Travel Provider to:
verify your payment method by obtaining a pre-authorisation, charging
a nominal fee or through other verification means, and
on verification, charge your payment method.
Fees charged by banks
Some banks and card issuers impose fees for international or cross-border
transactions. For example, if you make a booking using a card issued in a
different country from the Travel Provider’s location or you choose to transact
in a currency that is different from the local currency of our Service, your card
issuer may charge you an international or cross-border transaction fee.
Also, some banks and card issuers impose fees for currency conversion. For
example, if you make a booking in a currency different to the currency of your
credit card, your card issuer may convert the booking amount to the currency
of your credit card and charge you a conversion fee.
If you have any questions about these fees or the exchange rate applied to
your booking, please contact your bank or card issuer. Our Group of Companies
is not associated or responsible for any fees relating to varying exchange rates
and card issuer fees.
Currency conversion
Any currency conversion rates displayed on our Service are based on public
sources and current exchange rates, which may vary between the time a
booking is made and the time of travel. Such rates are provided for information
purposes only and, while we seek to provide information that is correct, our
Group of Companies does not guarantee the accuracy of such conversion rates
because they are not within our control.
Alternative payment methods
We may partner with providers of alternative payment methods (such as
consumer finance companies), to provide our travellers with alternative
payment methods. Our Group of Companies does not endorse or recommend
any alternative payment provider or their products or services. Our Group of
Companies is not responsible for the content or the acts or omissions of any
alternative payment provider. Your use of any such provider’s payment method
is at your own risk and will be governed by such provider’s terms and policies.
Fraud
If a booking or account shows signs of fraud, abuse, association with a
government-sanctioned person or entity, or other suspicious activity, we may
request extra information from you.
If we reasonably conclude that a booking or account is associated with fraud,
abuse, a government-sanctioned person or entity or suspicious activity, we
may:
cancel any bookings associated with your name, email address or
account
close any associated accounts, and
take legal action, including to seek to hold you liable for any loss.
Please contact us about the cancellation of a booking or closing of an account.
Section 5 Cancelling or changing a booking
Cancellation or change by you
Cancellations or changes (with respect to the travel date, destination, place
where the trip starts, property or means of transport) to a booking can be
made by contacting us.
You do not have an automatic right to cancel or change a booking unless
allowed by the relevant Travel Provider under their Rules and Restrictions
(which are provided to you before you make a booking).
Travel Providers may charge you fees for cancelling (in full or part) or changing
a booking. Such fees will be set out in the Rules and Restrictions. You agree to
pay any charges that you incur. Please be aware that for changes, the price of
your new arrangements will be based on the applicable price at the time you
ask us to make the change. This price may not be the same as when you
originally booked the Travel Services. Prices tend to increase the closer to the
departure date that the change is made.
Please read the relevant Rules and Restrictions, so you know which terms
apply to your booking. For example:
if you book a stay at a property and you do not cancel or change your
booking before the relevant cancellation policy period, you may be
subject to the cancellation or change charges as shown in the relevant
Rules and Restrictions
some properties do not permit cancellations of, or changes to, bookings
after they are made
if you make a Pay Later booking and you do not show up or cancel the
booking, the property may impose a no-show or cancellation charge as
shown in the relevant Rules and Restrictions and you will be charged the
property's no-show or cancellation charge, and
if you do not show up or fail to use some or all of the Travel Services
booked, refunds may only be due to you in line with the relevant Rules
and Restrictions.
If you want to cancel or change any part of a booking and such cancellation or
change is allowed by the relevant Travel Provider, then, in addition to any
charges imposed by the Travel Provider, we may also charge you an
administration fee. If such an administration fee applies, it will be notified to
you before you agree to proceed with the change/cancellation.
Other cancellation or change
We (and the relevant Travel Provider) may cancel your booking if full payment
for the booking, or any applicable cancellation/change charge or fee relating to
a booking is not received when due.
For a variety of reasons (such as a property is overbooked due to connectivity
issues or a property is closed due to a hurricane, etc.), it is possible that a
booking may be cancelled or changed by the Travel Provider or us. If this
happens, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you as soon as possible,
and offer alternative options/assistance where possible or a refund.
Refund
Any refunds will be transferred back to you to the payment method you used
to make the original booking. Such refunds will be made by the party that took
your original payment. We do not have visibility of a Travel Provider’s refund
process. Our fees are not refundable unless this is stated otherwise during the
booking process.
Section 6 Travel Service specific terms
This Section provides details of the terms relevant to the specific Travel
Services provided by the Travel Provider. These details are not exhaustive and
do not replace the relevant Rules and Restrictions, which are provided to you
before you make a booking.
Each Travel Service is subject to the relevant Rules and Restrictions of the
Travel Provider. Please also read this Section which will also apply to your
booking as applicable. If there is any inconsistency between this Section and
the relevant Rules and Restrictions, the relevant Rules and Restrictions prevail.
A. Stays
Our Service may provide you with the option to Pay Now or Pay Later. Room
rates (including any applicable taxes and fees) are displayed to you through
our Service under the Pay Now and Pay Later payment options. Please note
that taxes and fees may vary depending on which payment option you choose.
Tax rates and foreign exchange rates may change in the time between booking
and your stay.
Pay Now
If you select the Pay Now payment option, the relevant company (as set out
in Section 4 (Payment)) typically will charge the booking amount to your
payment method on booking.
Our Group of Companies facilitate bookings made available through our
Service. You acknowledge that our Group of Companies facilitate such
bookings for a consideration (the “facilitation fee”). The room rate displayed
through our Service is a combination of the amount charged by the Travel
Provider (for their services for the rental of the room) and the facilitation fee
(charged and retained by our Group of Companies). Our Group of Companies
may also charge and retain additional separate service fees in servicing your
booking, which may vary based on the amount and type of booking.
You agree that your payment method will be charged by our Group of
Companies for the total booking amount, which includes the room rate
displayed through our Service, plus tax recovery charges and service fees or,
where applicable, taxes on the room rate and/or services provided by our
Group of Companies. On making your booking request you authorise our Group
of Companies to facilitate the booking on your behalf, including making
payment arrangements with Travel Providers.
Pay Later
If you select the Pay Later payment option, the Travel Provider typically will
charge your payment method in the local currency at the time of your stay or
as otherwise notified to you during the booking process.
Deposit
Some Travel Providers require a payment card or cash deposit at check-in to
cover extra expenses incurred during your stay. Such deposit is not related to
any payment received by the relevant company (as set out in Section 4
(Payment)) for your booking.
First night no-show
If you do not show for the first night of your stay booking, but plan to check in
for the subsequent nights, please confirm this with us before the original
check-in date. If you do not confirm this, then your whole booking may be
cancelled. Refunds for no-shows will only be due to you in line with the
relevant Rules and Restrictions of the property.
Group bookings
You may not book more than 8 rooms through our Service for the same
property for the same stay dates. If you book more than 8 rooms in separate
bookings, we may cancel your bookings. We may also charge you a
cancellation fee and if you paid a non-refundable deposit, such deposit may be
forfeited. If you want to book more than 8 rooms then please book through the
“Groups and Meetings” section via our Service. You may be asked to sign a
written contract or pay a non-refundable deposit.
Ratings
Ratings shown through our Service indicate what you might expect from
properties displaying that rating level, including (where applicable) through
local and national star rating organisations. These may differ from standards in
your own country. Site displayed ratings do not represent or promise any
particular feature or amenity. Additional information is available in the
“Overview” or “Amenities” section of the property details page. These
guidelines are subject to change, and our Group of Companies and our
Partners cannot guarantee the accuracy of any specific rating displayed from
time to time through our Service.
Meals
If meals are part of your stay booking, the number of meals included depends
on the number of nights of your stay. Full board normally includes breakfast,
lunch and dinner. Half board normally includes breakfast and either lunch or
dinner. No refunds will be available if one or more meals are not consumed.
B. Vrbo Holiday Rentals
When you book a holiday rental property distributed through our Service from
Vrbo or one of the Vrbo brands (Stayz, Bookabach, FeWo Direkt and Abritel),
referred to as a “Vrbo Holiday Rental”, these Terms apply to your use of our
Service, but the Vrbo terms and conditions we present to you during the
booking process apply to your payment and booking of the Vrbo Holiday
Rental.
Section 7 International travel
International travel
Although most travel occurs without incident, travel to certain destinations
may involve more risk than others. You must review any travel
warnings/advice, etc. issued by the relevant governments before you book
international travel. You should also monitor such travel warnings/advice
during travel and before your return journey to help avoid and minimise any
potential disruptions.
Health
You should check the recommended inoculations/vaccinations which may
change at any time. You should consult your doctor before you depart. You are
responsible for ensuring you:
meet all health entry requirements
receive the relevant/required inoculations/vaccinations
take all recommended medication, and
follow all medical advice in relation to your travel.
Passport and visa
You must consult the relevant Embassy or Consulate for passport and visa
information. Requirements may change so check for up-to-date information
before booking and departure and allow sufficient time for all relevant
applications.
Our Group of Companies is not liable if you are refused entry onto a flight or
cruise ship (if applicable) or into any country, due to your conduct, including
your failure to carry the correct and adequate travel documents required by
any Travel Provider, authority or country (including countries you are transiting
through). This includes all stops made by an aircraft or cruise ship (if
applicable), even if you do not leave the aircraft or airport or cruise ship.
Some governments require airlines to provide personal information about all
travellers on their aircraft. The data will be collected either at the airport when
you check in or in some circumstances when you make your booking. Please
contact the relevant airline you are travelling with if you have any questions
about this.
Our Group of Companies does not represent or warrant that travel to
international destinations is advisable or without risk and is not liable for
damages or losses that may result from travel to such destinations.
Section 8 Liability
Our liability
We own and operate our Service and the Travel Providers provide the Travel
Services to you.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, our Group of Companies and our
Partners will not be liable for:
any such Travel Services that the Travel Providers make available to you
for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties or negligence
of any such Travel Providers, or
for any personal injuries, death, property damage or other damages or
expenses resulting from the above.
The Travel Providers provide us with information describing the Travel Services.
This information includes Travel Service details, photos, rates and the relevant
Rules and Restrictions, etc. We display this information through our Service.
The Travel Providers are responsible for ensuring that such information is
accurate, complete and up to date. Our Group of Companies and our Partners
will not be liable for any inaccuracies in such information, unless and only if we
directly caused such inaccuracies (and this also includes property ratings
which are intended as guidance only and may not be an official rating). Our
Group of Companies and our Partners make no guarantees about the
availability of specific Travel Services.
Photos and illustrations on our Service are provided as a guide to show you the
level and type of accommodation only.
For more information about the content displayed on our Service, please visit
the Content Guidelines.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, except as expressly set out in these
Terms:
all information, software, or Travel Services displayed through our
Service are provided without any warranty or condition of any kind. This
includes, but is not limited to, any implied warranties and conditions of
satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
title or non-infringement, and
our Group of Companies and our Partners disclaim all such warranties
and conditions.
The display of Travel Services through our Service is not an endorsement or
recommendation of such Travel Services by our Group of Companies or our
Partners. Our Group of Companies and our Partners disclaim, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, all warranties and conditions that our Service, its
servers or any email sent from us or our Partners are free of viruses or other
harmful components.
To the maximum extent permitted by law and subject to the limitations in
these Terms, neither our Group of Companies nor our Partners will be liable for
any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential losses or
damages arising from:
the Travel Services,
the use of our Service,
any delay or inability to use our Service, or
your use of links from our Service,
whether based in negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection
statutes, or otherwise, and even if our Group of Companies and our Partners
have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If our Group of Companies or our Partners are found liable for any loss or
damage under these Terms, then, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
we shall only be liable to you for direct damages that were:
reasonably foreseeable by both you and us (or our Partners as
applicable),
actually suffered or incurred by you, and
directly attributable to our actions (or the actions of our Partners as
applicable),
and in the event of any liability of our Group of Companies and/or our Partners,
such liability will in no event exceed, in total, the greater of (a) the cost paid by
you for the Travel Services in question or (b) one-hundred dollars (US$100.00)
or the equivalent in local currency.
This limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between you and us. The
limitations specified in this Section will survive and apply even if any limited
remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed its essential purpose.
The limitations of liability provided in these Terms inure to the benefit of our
Group of Companies and our Partners.
Every instance of force majeure, including the interruption of means of
communication or a strike (by airlines, properties or air traffic controllers, as
applicable), will lead to the suspension of the obligations in these Terms that
are affected by the force majeure event. In such a case the party affected by
the force majeure event will not be liable as a result of the inability to meet
such obligations.
Indemnity
You agree to defend and indemnify our Group of Companies and our Partners
and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against
any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines,
penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature (“Losses”),
including but not limited to, reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by
third parties as a result of:
your breach of these Terms or the documents referenced in them
your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party, or
your use of our Service,
to the extent that such Losses are not directly caused by the actions of our
Group of Companies or our Partners (as applicable).
Section 9 Reviews, comments and photos
By submitting content to our Service by email, postings or otherwise, including
any property reviews, photos, videos, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas
or the like contained in any submissions (collectively "Submissions"), you:
confirm that all Submissions you make are your original creation and
that you have and will maintain all rights necessary to allow us to use
the Submissions as set out in these Terms, and
grant our Group of Companies and our Partners as permitted by law, a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully
sub-licensable through multi-levels right to use, reproduce, modify,
adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and
publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in
any media, now known or later devised.
You also acknowledge and agree that our Group of Companies and our Partners
may choose to use the name that you submit with such Submission to attribute
your Submissions (for example, listing your first name and hometown on a
review that you submit) at our discretion in a non-identifiable format. Such
Submissions may also be shared with the Travel Providers.
You also grant our Group of Companies the right to legally pursue any person
or entity that violates your or our Group of Companies’ rights in the
Submissions.
Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary.
If possible, you expressly waive any and all ‘moral rights’ (including rights of
attribution or integrity) that may subsist in your Submissions. You agree that
you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or
exploitation of your Submissions by our Group of Companies, our Partners or
any of our other licensees.
You are fully responsible for the content of your Submissions. You must not
post or transmit to or from our Service and agree that any Submissions you
make do not contain any content that:
is unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
or would violate publicity or privacy rights or any law
is commercial (such as solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of
any goods or services, etc.)
infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent
or other proprietary right of any third-party, or
is objectionable on the grounds of public interest, public morality, public
order, public security or national harmony.
You will be solely liable for any damages resulting from not complying with the
rules above, or any other harm resulting from your posting of Submissions to
our Service.
We may exercise our rights (for example: to use, publish, display, delete, etc.)
to any Submissions without notice to you.
If you submit more than one review for the same property, only your most
recent Submission is eligible for use.
All Submissions are subject to our Content Guidelines.
We claim no ownership or endorsement of, or affiliation with, any Submissions
made by you.
For more information, please see the Content Guidelines.
Section 10 Intellectual property policy and notices
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of our Service are ©2023 Hotels.com, L.P., an Expedia Group
company. All rights reserved. Hotels.com and the Hotels.com logo are
trademarks of Hotels.com, L.P. Other logos and product and company names
mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. We are
not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than us.
The Google® Translate tool is made available through our Service to enable
you to translate content, such as user-generated reviews. The Google®
Translate tool uses an automated process to translate text and this may result
in inaccuracies. Your use of the Google® Translate tool is entirely at your own
risk. We do not make any promises, assurances or guarantees on the accuracy
or completeness of the translations provided by Google® Translate.
Our Service may contain links to websites operated by parties other than us.
Such links are provided for your reference only. We do not control such
websites and are not responsible for their content or your use of them. Our
inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of the material on such
websites or any association with their operators.
If you are aware of an infringement of our brand, please let us know by
emailing us at TrademarkComplaints@expediagroup.com. We only address
messages concerning brand infringement at this email address.
Intellectual property infringement policy and complaints
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect our suppliers,
partners, and users (collectively “Users”) to do the same. We have a policy of
prohibiting Users from posting materials that infringe the copyright, trademark
rights, or other intellectual property rights of others, and under appropriate
circumstances we will terminate the account of Users who are repeat
infringers. The requirements and instructions for filing copyright and trademark
complaints can be found in the “Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints
and Forms” located here.
Patent notices
One or more patents owned by us or our Group of Companies may apply to our
Service and to the features and services accessible through our Service.
Portions of our Service operate under licence of one or more patents. Other
patents pending.
Section 11 Software available on our Service
Software
Any software made available to download from our Service or a mobile app
store ("Software"), is the copyrighted work of our Group of Companies or our
respective suppliers. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the
end user licence agreement (if any) which accompanies the Software
("Licence Agreement"). You must first agree to the Licence Agreement to
install, download or use any Software.
For any Software not accompanied by a Licence Agreement, we grant you a
limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sub-licensable
licence to download, install and use the Software for using our Service in line
with these Terms and for no other purpose. The Software is provided to you
free of any fees or charges.
All Software (such as all HTML code and Active X controls, etc.) contained on
our Service, is owned by our Group of Companies, our Partners or our
respective suppliers. All Software is protected by copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the
Software is prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal
penalties. Anyone who violates this will be prosecuted.
Without limiting the above, copying or reproduction of the Software to any
other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly
prohibited. The Software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of
the Licence Agreement.
Map terms
Your use of mapping available on our Service is governed by the Google Terms
of Use, Google Acceptable Use Policy, Google Legal Notices and Google Privacy
Statement and the Microsoft Terms of Use and Microsoft Privacy Statement.
Google and Microsoft reserve the right to change their Terms of Use and
Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole discretion.
OpenStreetMap geo data used in mapping is © OpenStreetMap contributors
and available under the Open Database Licence (ODbL).
Section 12 Your privacy and personal information
We are committed to the privacy, confidentiality, and security of personal
information entrusted to us.
Please review our current Privacy Statement, which also governs your use of
our Service and is incorporated by reference into these Terms, to understand
our practices.
Section 13 Rewards programme
We have a free loyalty programme available to our travellers. For more
information on our programme and its benefits, please see our current terms
and conditions. These are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
Section 14 Contact us and complaints
For answers to your questions or ways to contact us, visit our support page
here.
To contact our Grievance Officer (Abhishek Makkar) please email:
GrievanceOfficer@expediagroup.com providing full details for review.
Section 15 General
Governing law and jurisdiction
Our Service is operated by a United States entity and, except as restricted by
applicable law, these Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Texas,
USA. Except as restricted by applicable law, you consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Dallas County, Texas, USA, in all
disputes arising out of or relating to the use of our Service or these Terms. Use
of our Service is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all
provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this paragraph.
Insurance
Unless otherwise stated, prices displayed do not include travel insurance. You
are advised to take out insurance that covers the consequences of certain
cases of cancellation and certain risks (such as the cost of repatriation in the
event of an accident or illness). You are responsible for ensuring that any
insurance policy taken out adequately covers your requirements. You may be
shown certain travel insurance products. If so, details of the insurance
provider, relevant key information and terms and conditions will be shown on
our Service.
Failure to invoke
Our failure or delay to enforce any provision of these Terms does not waive our
right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) of these Terms in the future.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision (or part provision) of these Terms is found by a court or other
authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that
provision (or part provision) shall, if required, be deemed not to form part of
these Terms with you. In such a case, the validity and enforceability of the
other provisions shall not be affected.
Entire agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect
to our Service. They supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications
(whether electronic, oral, or written) between you and us about our Service.
Assignment
We may, and you may not, assign, subcontract or delegate rights, duties or
obligations under these Terms.
Third-party rights
Save as expressly stated in these Terms we do not intend any part of these
Terms to be enforceable by any person who is not a party to these Terms. No
third-party's consent shall be required for the waiver, variation or termination
of any part of these Terms. These Terms do not give rise to any rights under
any applicable laws or regulations in relation to rights of third parties to
enforce any part of these Terms.
Survival of obligations
Any provision of these Terms, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes
obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of these Terms, shall survive
such expiration or termination.
Section 16 Registrations
New York State tax registration
New York sales taxes and New York City occupancy taxes, where applicable, are
due on your property stay. For Pay Now stay bookings, Travelscape, LLC.’s New
York sales tax vendor registration number is 880392667 and its New York City
hotel occupancy tax registration number is 033960.
Please click here for additional information:
New York State Certificate of Authority
New York City Certificate of Authority